here are the top 10 reasons high school
sucks number one people who are much
less intelligent than you are more
popular because it lets 2 plus 2 I don't
know but I know 10 girls asked me to
prom and get to student body president
doing the student body president yeah
number 2 people won't hang out with you
if you aren't in their clique hey man a
bunch of us are going over to Brian's to
play Retro City Rampage oh damn I love
that game cool you should come I can't
an emo now I have to go home and paint
my fingernails black hey I've been
practicing crying does this look real
number three being different isn't cool
hey Carly Oh Miley what did you do to
your hair don't you love it I cut it all
off I was just so tired of dealing with
it I just like feel like this is the new
me what do you mean or something no
what's the dress it's vintage yeah oh my
god painted lights or something no
number four there's nothing to do hey
what do you want to do tonight oh we
could go down to the train tracks and
throw rocks at all the trains that pass
by but we did that last week yeah but
this time I found a spot with even
better rocks number five you have to
wake up so early it's still dark out
rise and shine a little starlight and I
need you to go to school so you can get
a diploma and then you can graduate so
you can pay for my retirement cuz I
don't have one now get the fuck number
six you have mind-altering ly bad Bo on
the regular someone making cumin number
seven everything even stupid stuff is
super dramatic
Cindy Carrie told me the you told Rick
that I got an A in science I told you
not to tell anyone especially not Gary
because you know that she likes Rick but
you did get an A in science I know but I
don't want Rick to know that part of me
what part the good in science part okay
number eight
people are meaner than they will ever be
in the real world hey Tom
look at this guy look at this little
strawberry face could you be any shorter
bro oh why do you walk around campus and
torture all the girls you should just
die fuck you man piss me off
number 9 the friendzone is more rampant
than the clap at a strip club I love you
you do yeah I wish I could cuddle with
you all night you do yeah you're my best
friend and I never have to worry about
you trying anything because they know
you never ever ever ever ever ever ever
ever ever ever ever ever would number 10
people can out of nowhere pull your
underwear up your ass crack comment
below what else sucks about high school
okay guys so click here to subscribe for
new videos there's a brand new one every
Wednesday and check out our girls
channel new videos every Tuesday yeah
people are like wait we aren't getting
your videos well that's cuz you didn't
subscribe right at brain surgeon match
[Music]
subscribe for more of that